= sprockets_helper

Sprocket is great for Rails 3.1
However, if you are still using Rails 3.0 it is suprisingly inconvenient to attach file fingerprint to asset files such as

  <link href="http://localhost:3000/assets/application.css?97cb5298fef6238569b12e175bc19648" media="all" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />

This gem attempt to make this task a little easier

== Installation

In <b>Rails 3</b>, add this to your Gemfile and run the +bundle+ command.

  gem "cancan"

== Usage

Continue using JavaScript and CSS helpers as you normally would. sprockets_helper will determine if the asset is managed by sprockets
and if it is appropriate inclusion will be generated with fingerprint information.

If you have application.js managed by Sprockets, you can use any of the following to generate correct HTML code that will have
asset file with fingerprint

  javascript_include_tag("application")
  javascript_include_tag("/assets/application")
  javascript_include_tag("/assets/application.js")
  stylesheet_link_tag("application.css")
  stylesheet_link_tag("/assets/application.css", :media=>:all)

== Contributing to sprockets_helper
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ilya Katz. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

